535 include dispersion into the twiss parameters calculation and beam initialization using from twiss (#540)
desy-ml/cheetah: CHANGELOG.md

- Implement second-order tracking for `Drift`, `Dipole` and `Quadrupole` elements, and add a convenient method to set tracking methods for an entire segment. This comes with an overhaul of the overall tracking system. Rename the tracking method `"cheetah"` to `"linear"` and `"bmadx"` to `"drift_kick_drift"`. The existing methods `"cheetah"` and `"bmadx"` will remain supported with a `DeprecationWarning`. (see #476) (@cr-xu, @jank324, @Hespe)
- `Cavity` now supports travelling wave cavities in addition to standing wave cavities via the `cavity_type` argument (see #286) (@zihan-zh, @jank324)
- Documented PyTorch `compile` for improved speed (see #390) (@ax3l)

> - Included dispersion correction into the twiss and emittance calculation in `Beam`, add dispersion terms in the `from_twiss` and `from_parameter` beam initialization methods (see #540) (@cr-xu)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Included dispersion correction into the Twiss and emittance calculation in `Beam`, add dispersion terms in the `from_twiss` and `from_parameter` beam initialization methods (see #540) (@cr-xu)
```

> - Included dispersion correction into the Twiss and emittance calculation in `Beam`, add dispersion terms in the `from_twiss` and `from_parameter` beam initialization methods (see #540) (@cr-xu)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Beam classes now account for dispersion. Dispersion correction is included in the Twiss and emittance computations. Dispersion arguments are added to `from_parameters` and `from_twiss` beam initialisation methods. (see #540) (@cr-xu)
```
